Adding SAN to fleet autoscaler certs and updating documentation (#1910)
googleforgames/agones: site/content/en/docs/Getting Started/create-webhook-fleetautoscaler.md

openssl genrsa -out webhook.key 2048
```

Next create configuration file `cert.conf` for the certificate signing request:
```
[req]
distinguished_name = req_distinguished_name
req_extensions = v3_req
prompt = no
[req_distinguished_name]
CN = autoscaler-tls-service.default.svc
[v3_req]
keyUsage = digitalSignature
extendedKeyUsage = serverAuth

> subjectAltName = @alt_names

Reviewer: You can also use the existing configurations in openssl.cnf and only set SAN. Here is an example of doing it in the old version of Agones documentations: https://1-4-0.agones.dev/site/docs/advanced/allocator-service/#server-tls-certificate

Reviewer 2: oooh!

I have no strong opinions either way. Whichever is easier to explain?

Do we feel like having a file better, because it's easier for automation tools to utilise?

Author: I am happy to change it to use the `/etc/ssl/openssl.cnf`, but my thinking is that if you use that we are appending extra config to a fairly chunk example file. Whereas if we use a custom `cert.conf` it is easier for people to follow what is actually happening.

Reviewer 2: > I am happy to change it to use the /etc/ssl/openssl.cnf, but my thinking is that if you use that we are appending extra config to a fairly chunk example file. Whereas if we use a custom cert.conf it is easier for people to follow what is actually happening.

Yeah, I would agree. Also wouldn't want people editing/thinking they have to edit the `/etc/ssl/openssl.cnf` file either.

Author: Shall I keep it as is then?

[alt_names]
DNS.1 = autoscaler-tls-service.default.svc
```

> Generate the certificate signing request, use valid hostname which is `autoscaler-tls-service.default.svc` as `Common Name (eg, fully qualified host name)` in the config file.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Generate the certificate signing request, use valid hostname which in this case will be `autoscaler-tls-service.default.svc` as `Common Name (eg, fully qualified host name)` as well as `DNS.1` in the `alt_names` section of the config file.

Check the [Kubernetes documentation](https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/services-networking/dns-pod-service/#a-aaaa-records) to see how Services get assigned DNS entries.
```

Just wanted to expand that a little, and I've always wanted to link back to the documentation so people can see how DNS entries work. What do you think?

Author: I think that is a good idea. Cahnged the doc.
